auto-increment.md: add invalidate cache descriptions (#18851) (#19202)
pingcap/docs: auto-increment.md

+-------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

At this time, if you restart TiDB, the auto-increment ID cache will be lost, and new insert operations will allocate IDs starting from a higher value beyond the previously cached range.

```sql
INSERT INTO t VALUES();
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec)

SELECT * FROM t;
+-----+
| a   |
+-----+
|   1 |
| 101 |
+-----+
2 rows in set (0.01 sec)
```

The newly allocated value is `101`. This shows that the size of cache for allocating auto-increment IDs is `100`.

In addition, when the length of consecutive IDs in a batch `INSERT` statement exceeds the length of `AUTO_ID_CACHE`, TiDB increases the cache size accordingly to ensure that the statement can insert data properly.

### Clear the auto-increment ID cache

In some scenarios, you might need to clear the auto-increment ID cache to ensure data consistency. For example:

> - In the scenario of incremental replication using [Data Migration (DM)](/dm/dm-overview.md), once the replication is complete, data writing to the downstream TiDB switches from DM to your application's write operations. Meanwhile, the ID writing mode of the auto-increment column usually switches from explicit insertion to implicit allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the scenario of incremental replication using [Data Migration (DM)](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.1/dm-overview), once the replication is complete, data writing to the downstream TiDB switches from DM to your application's write operations. Meanwhile, the ID writing mode of the auto-increment column usually switches from explicit insertion to implicit allocation.
```

+-------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

At this time, if you restart TiDB, the auto-increment ID cache will be lost, and new insert operations will allocate IDs starting from a higher value beyond the previously cached range.

```sql
INSERT INTO t VALUES();
Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec)

SELECT * FROM t;
+-----+
| a   |
+-----+
|   1 |
| 101 |
+-----+
2 rows in set (0.01 sec)
```

The newly allocated value is `101`. This shows that the size of cache for allocating auto-increment IDs is `100`.

In addition, when the length of consecutive IDs in a batch `INSERT` statement exceeds the length of `AUTO_ID_CACHE`, TiDB increases the cache size accordingly to ensure that the statement can insert data properly.

### Clear the auto-increment ID cache

In some scenarios, you might need to clear the auto-increment ID cache to ensure data consistency. For example:

> <CustomContent platform="tidb">
> 
> - In the scenario of incremental replication using [Data Migration (DM)](/dm/dm-overview.md), once the replication is complete, data writing to the downstream TiDB switches from DM to your application's write operations. Meanwhile, the ID writing mode of the auto-increment column usually switches from explicit insertion to implicit allocation.
> 
> </CustomContent>
> <CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">
> 
> - In the scenario of incremental replication using the [Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-incremental-data-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md) feature, once the replication is complete, data writing to the downstream TiDB switches from DM to your application's write operations. Meanwhile, the ID writing mode of the auto-increment column usually switches from explicit insertion to implicit allocation.
> 
> </CustomContent>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the scenario of incremental replication using [Data Migration (DM)](/dm/dm-overview.md), once the replication is complete, data writing to the downstream TiDB switches from DM to your application's write operations. Meanwhile, the ID writing mode of the auto-increment column usually switches from explicit insertion to implicit allocation.
```
